	AdherenceSense Health Tech is a startup focused on employing the use of blockchain transaction mechanism and peer-decisioning for creating segment-oriented stacks from the protocol layer all the way through the presentation layer.  Our first segment will focus on preventative/patient-initiated health transactions based on corporate/individual incentivized behaviors.  Please see our abstract for the particulars of the backing technology, term definitions, and related contextual information.
	The Problem: 
 U.S. healthcare spend is disproportionately high, per capita, to the rest of the globe when realized against localized GDPs.  Much of this cost can be attributed to operational challenges, disparate systems, and the inability to unify or quantify efforts made towards increasing efficiency, and, more importantly, driving down the real-world costs of health care by incentivizing patients to preventative health interactions.
Many companies, individuals, and corporate companies spend time and money to incentivize individuals to participate in health-related activities, including exercise, preventative care visits, transitional care management, continued care management, and regular exams.  Much effort is duplicated in crafting an incentive-reward chain for individuals participating in such initiatives.  Much of the savings (health-care costs, work participation, etc.) realized, if any, is absorbed by the cost of creating, implementing, and tracking various programs.
Please see our whitepaper for more detailed information about the assertions made above.

The Solution:
AdherenceSense Health Tech seeks to mitigate the problem listed above by creating a framework for incentive-based initiatives based on a commonly denominated structure for units of effort.  As per the abstract, our efforts will focus on a microverse with four distinctive roles:
	The Sponsor:  The Sponsor will be responsible for offering incentives (AdherenceCents) for units of work.  We have several Sponsorship pieces in motion where AdherenceCents would be rewarded for specific actions such as:
Pro-active/ Sponsor-approved Exercise
Medication Adherence 
Routine preventative visits (Mammogram, prostate exam, etc.)
	The Validator:  The Validator will be responsible for validating that a specific action has occurred, take credit for participating in the validation effort and push appropriate data onto the blockchain.  We also have certain Validator pieces in motion where AdherenceCents would be allocated for action and data collection dissemination:
	App based tracking of Medications taken/prescribed
	Location-based exercise information
	ICD 10 Codes charge to insurance via provided data feeds 
	The Redeemer:  The Redeemer will be responsible for allocating real-world benefits based on a conglomeration of Sponsor Incentives, Marketing Efforts, Data Requests, and capturing AdherenceCents coins for recirculation.  Redemption scenarios include, but are not limited to:
	Sponsor based incentives (cash-out, award set, recognition, etc.)
	Market based incentives (use of coinage provides discounts/ differing status level, etc.)
	Data Requests (conversion of coinage to currency for ongoing licensing)




	


 

	



